Slide 1 :
Mites are tiny arthropods, belonging to the subclass Acari.

They are more than 50,000 described species and many more undescribed.

Usually they are less than 1 mm, often invisible to the naked eye.
You can found them in soil, plants, water, animals.
They can be pests, decomposers, or beneficial predators.

Two-spotted spider mite named Tetranychus urticae is the main pest on many crops.
Then we have Predatory mites like Phytoseiulus persimilis and Typhlodromus Recki.
So that's the mites we are going to use for are subject.

Slide 2 :
Mites can causes damages to crops. The two-spotted spider mite, for example, feeds on plant leaves, reducing photosynthesis and causing yield losses. 

Using pesticides are having negative aspects like :
Resistance develops quickly in spider mites.
Negative effects on beneficial organisms.
Environmental & health concerns.

that is why it is interesting to use natural enemies (predatory mites) instead of chemicals.
Example: Phytoseiulus persimilis highly effective against T. urticae.
Sustainable, environmentally friendly, and compatible with integrated pest management (IPM).

Slide 3 : 
tritrophic interactions are interactions between the plant, the herbivore, and the natural enemy. When a plant is attacked by herbivores like spider mites, 
it releases volatile organic compounds, or VOCs, into the air. These VOCs serve as chemical signals that predators can detect and use to locate their prey.

We can enhance this natural mechanism using companion plants. These are non-crop plants grown near the main crop that release attractive VOCs and make it easier 
for predators to find pests. Mint plants, that we are going to use for our subject emit strong scents that can attract predatory mites, improving the efficiency 
of biological control.

Slide 4 : 
With all those information and with what we read we thought it will be interesting to work on "What level of mite infestation is necessary 
for the infected plant to emit sufficient VOCs to attract predators living on companion plants ?" 
